[PrismaCloud v2] Issue With Docker Timeout Instead `urlib` Timeout (#33654)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaCloud/ReleaseNotes/4_3_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Prisma Cloud v2

> Fixed an issue where the ***test module*** failed on Docker timeout when the url is not reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***test module*** failed on container timeout when server url is not reachable.
```

Author: I also changed from `test module` to `test button` (validate BA-125)
